Finish up old bug related to bad links (#12605)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/working-with-certificates.md

# Working with Certificates
To program Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) security, X.509 digital certificates are commonly used to authenticate clients and servers, encrypt, and digitally sign messages. This topic briefly explains X.509 digital certificate features and how to use them in WCF, and includes links to topics that explain these concepts further or that show how to accomplish common tasks using WCF and certificates.  
  

>  In brief, a digital certificate is a part of a *public key infrastructure* (PKI), which is a system of digital certificates, certificate authorities, and other registration authorities that verify and authenticate the validity of each party involved in an electronic transaction through the use of public key cryptography. A certification authority issues certificates and each certificate has a set of fields that contain data, such as *subject* (the entity to which the certificate is issued), validity dates (when the certificate is valid), issuer (the entity that issued the certificate), and a public key. In WCF, each of these properties is processed as a <xref:System.IdentityModel.Claims.Claim>, and each claim is further divided into two types: identity and right. For more information about X.509 certificates see [X.509 Public Key Certificates](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=209952). For more information about Claims and Authorization in WCF see [Managing Claims and Authorization with the Identity Model](managing-claims-and-authorization-with-the-identity-model.md). For more information about implementing a PKI, see [Enterprise PKI with Windows Server 2012 R2 Active Directory Certificate Services](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/yungchou/2013/10/21/enterprise-pki-with-windows-server-2012-r2-active-directory-certificate-services-part-1-of-2/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In brief, a digital certificate is a part of a *public key infrastructure* (PKI), which is a system of digital certificates, certificate authorities, and other registration authorities that verify and authenticate the validity of each party involved in an electronic transaction through the use of public key cryptography. A certification authority issues certificates and each certificate has a set of fields that contain data, such as *subject* (the entity to which the certificate is issued), validity dates (when the certificate is valid), issuer (the entity that issued the certificate), and a public key. In WCF, each of these properties is processed as a <xref:System.IdentityModel.Claims.Claim>, and each claim is further divided into two types: identity and right. For more information about X.509 certificates see [X.509 Public Key Certificates](~/windows/desktop/SecCertEnroll/about-x-509-public-key-certificates). For more information about Claims and Authorization in WCF see [Managing Claims and Authorization with the Identity Model](managing-claims-and-authorization-with-the-identity-model.md). For more information about implementing a PKI, see [Enterprise PKI with Windows Server 2012 R2 Active Directory Certificate Services](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/yungchou/2013/10/21/enterprise-pki-with-windows-server-2012-r2-active-directory-certificate-services-part-1-of-2/).  
```
